Structuring a basic website

    Information archictecture - the planning of a whole multi-page website, including how they should be arranged 
    and linked to one another for the best possible user experience

    The Process:
        1. Note down what elements you want to have common to every page.
            Eg: Header 
                    (Title and logo)
                    (Site language chooser)
                Navigation menu 
                Footer
                    (Copyright notice)
                    (Link to terms and conditions)
                    (Contact details)
                    (Accessibility policy)
        2. Draw a rough sketch of what you might want the structure of each page to look like.
            Note: Make sure to label what each block is going to be (See sample-website-structure.png)
        3. Brainstorm all the other (not common to every page) content you want to have on your website.
            Eg: Flights, Accommodation, Transport, Things to do, Special offers
        4. Sort all these content items into groups, to give you an idea of what parts might live together on different pages. 
            Note: This is very similar to a technique called Card sorting.
            Eg: Search
                    Flights
                    Accommodation
                    Transport
                    Things to do
                Special offers
                    Popular holidays
                    Winter sun 
                    Skiing 
                Search results
                    Reviews
                    Country-specifc info 
                        Visa/entry requirements
                        Currency
                        Languages and culture
                Buy holidays
        5. Sketch a rough sitemap (See sample-rough-sitemap.png) - have a box for each page on your site, 
        and draw lines to show typical workflow between pages.
            Conventions:
                Homepage will most likely be at the top or at the center and link to most if not all the others.
                Most of the pages in a small site should be available from the navigation (exceptions exist).
                Include notes about how things might be presented.

